[recorder clicking]
[static buzzing]
[Benjamin on recorder]
This is Dr. Benjamin Price.
Professor of Ancient History.
Log number four.
The fabled Necronomicon.
the Book of the Dead.
is not just a myth.
The Circle of the Wise Men
have found it.
And despite my warnings.
they read from
the book's unholy passages.
unleashing
flesh-possessing demons.
so malevolent...
as though the devil
himself were here.
God help us.
Log number five.
We found something.
An item of great power
capable of sending
them back to hell.
Should they return.
I've hidden it
behind rune and hex.
It must remain that way.
for if unsealed.
they will sense it.
They will smell
its call in the earth.
taste it on the air.
And then they will
stop at nothing...
to destroy it.
[Leo] I swear to God.
he jumps out of the window.
and he's running down
the street in his underwear.
Who the fuck just jumps
out of a window?
-[Leo laughing] I know.
Just a stupid motherfucker.
-[phone ringing]
Oh. my God. Don't tell me
that's Emma. man.
-Don't answer that.
-What if it's an emergency?
Leo. it's not an emergency.
She's just freaking out
about this lake story.
Next time. please.
you leave your fucking
phone in the car. bro.
Suck my dick. bro.
Come on. let's get out of here.
[engine starts]
[phone ringing]
You've got to be kidding me.
Come on.
Don't answer the phone.
Don't answer
your fucking phone. Leo.
I swear to God. if you answer
that shit. I'm leaving.
Hold your ground. man.
Hey. Hey. babe...
You fucking...
[Leo] I was just about to call.
[continues indistinctly]
[breath trembling]
[gasps]
Leo!
[groaning. gagging]
[gasps]
[gagging]
[groans]
[gasps]
[gagging]
[screams]
[Leo] I'll see you tomorrow.
Love you too. Bye. Bye.
Jared! Let's get
the fuck out of here.
Quit fucking around!
Jared!
[Jared screaming
in distance] Help!
Help!
What the fuck? Jared!
Jared!
Jared. where are you?
[gasping and panting]
[gasping]
[screaming]
-Help me!
-[grunts]
[screams]
[Leo grunting and panting]
Oh. my God!
[shudders]
[grunting]
[panting]
I got you. buddy.
I got you.
[groaning and gagging]
[gasps]
[yells]
What the fuck?
[gasping]
[yells. grunts]
[yelling]
[screaming]
[whimpering]
[vehicle approaching]
[hip-hop music playing]
♪ Run it. run it ♪
Got a little something
for the birthday boy here.
[Joseph] Wow!
Gorgeous!
We've gone a little overboard.
but you deserve it.
-[Thya] Happy birthday.
-Yay! Happy birthday!
-[Will] Happy birthday. bro.
-I'll get us some
more champagne.
Alice. Alice. Alice! [whistles]
Come here.
What was that? [laughs]
Are you serious
with that whistle?
No. I'm just playing. okay?
But you're not listening.
This is our third bottle.
Maybe we ought
to just. you know.
slow it down a little bit.
It's Joseph's birthday.
We can get a little drunk.
Okay. okay.
Good vibes only. okay?
Let's. um. open presents.
Joseph. happy birthday. bro.
This is. uh...
It's from both of us.
[Joseph] You guys didn't need
to do anything. It's...
Oh. Thank you. guys. This is...
Oh. it's... it's... it's a pen.
Yeah. well. it's not just
any pen. that's a Belvoir.
These are. like. 1.000 bucks.
-Yeah. more.
But that is not the point.
-A thousand...
I wanted to get it so.
you know. to encourage you
to finally finish your book.
[Alice scoffs] That's not
very subtle. babe.
Well. to be fair.
this is the fifth book
that he started--
-Actually. it's the fourth.
-[Will] That's the fourth?
Shit. man. I'm sorry.
But if you look at Alice
with her pictures. I mean.
you know. they were fine.
Ever since I bought her
that bad boy. the difference
has been incredible.
And sometimes I think
you just need a little nudge.
Yeah. Speaking of.
-And... Ta. ta. ta. ta.
-[Joseph] Another one.
[laughter]
[Alice] Happy birthday.
[Joseph] Oh.
I love the wrapping.
-[Thya gasps] No. shit!
-[Joseph] Oh. my God.
You look so cute.
I mean. everybody looks
cute in black and white.
[laughs]
You didn't tell me
you were bringing
your own gift.
Oh. it's just
a small something.
Nothing compared
to your Belvoir.
Our Belvoir. I just said
that it was from both of us.
Thank you both. Thank you.
You know. you're so talented.
-Oh.
[both laugh]
I always forget.
You Americans like to hug.
Sister-in-law side hug.
Just trying to kiss
my boyfriend?
What's going on?
Well. you know. we French girls
like to give hand jobs
when we say hello.
Yes. That's really classy.
Yeah. Talk about subtle. Alice.
He's just upset
because I brought the gift.
What are you talking about?
I couldn't care less.
-So why are you
criticizing everything?
-I'm not criticizing.
-Yes. you are.
-Ease up on the drinks.
-We're celebrating.
Of course. I'm drinking.
-I know we're celebrating.
-Just fucking tone it down!
-Okay.
I'm done.
-Cigarettes?
-[Thya] Mm-hmm.
Promise me
we'll never get married. okay?
Look. dude.
she didn't mean anything--
No. no. no. no. no. no.
She meant it. Yeah. yeah.
She does this to rile me up.
It's like this cigarette thing.
We're talking about having
a kid. and she refuses to stop.
It's ridiculous.
Let it go.
You know what he's like.
Um. can I bum
a cigarette. boss?
Mike. enough.
I'm not your boss.
Just send up the checks.
You are the boss. Come on.
Aren't you freezing to death
in that T-shirt?
[Mike] No. it feels great.
It's an oven in there.
Plus. the music
is way too loud.
-Yeah. well. I keep
telling him that.
-[Mike] Mmm.
Yeah? No. go on.
Continue to talk shit
about me to my staff.
We're just talking.
It's cool. Mike.
I know it's not you.
Alice. would you
come back in. please?
Okay. Come here.
Don't touch me.
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
Okay. just relax.
But don't make me out
to be someone that I'm not.
all right?
You're the one making
a scene in my club.
And you make me out
to be this hysterical drunk.
Hey. I'm sorry. all right?
Now. come on. let's go.
-[sighs]
-Hey. look at me.
Fuck. I just hate when you act
like a fucking child.
Don't call me that.
Just fucking cut it out
with your shit.
Don't touch me! I told you!
-[glass shatters]
-Fuck! [groans]
See. you bring this out of me.
You know. I was never
this way before. Alice.
None of my exes ever.
ever made me blow up like this.
Why do you think that is?
If we can't talk.
then how do you expect
to move forward. huh?
Huh?
Yeah. sure. Run back to Mike.
Why don't you give him
another cigarette?
How about a hand job too?
Go to hell!
-[Thya] Joe.
-Hey. no.
-No. please. you're drunk.
-Give me the keys.
I'll drive you home.
Will!
[engine revving]
Fucking bitch.
[indistinct radio chatter]
[Will grunts]
[grunting]
[groans]
[radio playing faintly]
[indistinct radio chatter
continues]
[whimpering]
Hey. hey. hey!
Don't move! Don't...
move.
[faint groaning and gagging]
[grunts] I'll call 911!
Come on.
Fuck!
[grunting]
[ominous voice] Will...
[breath trembling]
[crunching and squelching]
[demonic voice] We found you.
[uneasy breathing]
Now lead us to your family.
[screaming]
The fuck!
Kunda.
Astratta.
-[grunting]
-[seatbelt stretching]
Fuck!
[gasping]
[grunts]
Montosse.
[yelling and groaning]
[crying] Help! Help me!
Help!
Help! Help!
Canda.
[Will screaming]
-Help!
-[laughs wickedly]
-[screaming]
-[laughter continues]
[eerie dramatic music playing]
[Alice speaking French]
[dad speaking in French]
[jackhammer drilling]
-[Thya in English] Are you
taking anything for sleep?
-Mmm.
None of it really works.
When did you guys get here?
A couple of days ago.
Joseph sort of lives here now.
His parents basically
gave him a vacation home.
Look up.
[jackhammer drilling
in distance]
Since when do you have a gun?
That is not mine.
It's Joseph's.
I think he wants
to be a badass.
-Joseph. badass?
-[laughs]
It's cute. [chuckling]
[Alice sniffling]
[Alice] Hi. Polly.
How are you?
[Susan] She won't remember you.
[Alice] It's only been
a year. though.
[Susan] We must be
the same size.
-[dog whines]
-[gasps]
[speaking French]
[whistles]
[in English] Do you think that
with the construction
-that we could--
-Oh. no. no. Don't worry.
They promised me
they would stop at noon.
and they should be
wrapping up any minute now.
-We're gathered here to--
-[intense drilling]
[raises voice] We're gathered
here today to celebrate
the life of William Price.
to pay tribute and to share
memories of him.
Because for as long as those...
memories live on.
William will always be with us.
I would now like to ask...
[drilling continues]
...Mrs. Susan Price.
William's mother.
to please share a few words.
Bonnie. what are you doing?
No. that's Susan. Grandma.
Aunt Bonnie isn't with us.
[Edgar] Don't waste
your breath on her.
[drilling continues]
William.
my sweet boy.
I could go on for hours about
what an amazing child he was.
a model teenager.
and a man who made us
so. so proud.
He was so enamored
with French cuisine that.
when he studied in Paris.
he surprised us
by bringing home
a French wife. Alice.
Will dreamed
of starting a family.
[intense drilling]
You two would have made
such outstanding parents...
[sniffling] ...and we could
have been Grandpa Edgar
and and Grandma Susan.
I would give anything for us
to be together again.
[crematorium manager]
Thank you. Susan.
And. um... [clears throat]
I'm very sorry about the...
the noise. [clears throat]
[sighs] Alice.
Would you like to share
something with us?
Special memory of your husband?
I... I didn't prepare a speech.
Oh.
Okay. Um. well. uh...
So I would like to play a song
that held a special place
in William's heart.
your wedding song.
[gentle music playing]
[ La Chanson des vieux amants
by Jacques Brel playing]
[music continues]
[music stops]
-[casket creaking]
-[wheels squeaking]
[door slams]
[phone clicking]
[ Hallehova
by Sliim Bambino playing]
[man rapping]
♪ I want the money
I want the car ♪
♪ I want your woman
Be telling me I'm a star ♪
♪ And for the rest of it.
Homie. I pray to God ♪
♪ I'm yelling hova ♪
♪ Halle. halle. hallehova ♪
♪ Hova Halle halle halle ♪
♪ What
What these bitches want ♪
♪ When they spend about a dozen
Summers gettin' real dope ♪
♪ Where they're lookin'
At my Twitter ♪
♪ When I have these lil' hoes ♪
♪ Livin'. spittin' like
They think they real pros ♪
♪ With the quote fingers
Hear me. though ♪
♪ I can smell a fraud
Like a dog do ♪
♪ Talkin' whether it be winter.
Autumn. but they fall through ♪
♪ Sue me if you think
You got it better
With the boss. fool ♪
♪ This is real rap
Motherfucker
This ain't law school ♪
[banging on door]
[buzzes]
I'd like to say goodbye
to my son one last time.
Um. well...
you'll be able to collect
the ashes in a couple of days.
but you're not actually
allowed back here--
Sir!
Sir. my son just died.
Five minutes.
And don't tell anyone
or I'll get yelled at.
Thank you.
My condolences.
[door slams]
[sobs]
-[sobbing]
-[knocking]
[knocking]
[suspenseful music playing]
-[thudding]
-Fuck! [gasps]
Will! Will!
Hang on! Hang-- Hang on!
Oh! Will! I'm coming!
Will! Hold on. son!
[grunting]
I'm coming! Fuck.
[straining]
[yells]
-[groans]
-[objects shattering]
[groaning]
[creature growling]
[whimpering]
What the fuck?
[man screams]
[agonized screams continue]
Help! Help!
[sinister music playing]
[car horn blaring]
-Come with us.
-Okay.
-Okay. We'll see you there.
[horn continues blaring]
[Alice] How far is it? Damn.
[Thya]
Less than five minutes away.
[Alice] Oh. fucking--
You okay?
Yeah. no. it's just--
you know
they don't want me there.
That's not true.
Kit. in here.
-Jesus.
-[Thya laughs]
All right. look.
The only thing they care about
is that we're all together.
You're part of the family.
Even my mom. She said
that she was really touched
you agreed to the cremation
instead of the burial.
And we could do it
where she wanted.
[chuckles]
She appreciates you. Honestly.
Yeah. maybe. I don't know.
Well. I mean. my dad.
on the other hand.
I mean.
he can't fucking stand you.
Oh. God. [laughs]
[ethereal music playing]
[Alice] Looks so run-down now.
[Thya]
Wait. you've been here before?
[Alice] We got married here.
Mom? Dad?
Be right back.
Grandma. You know where Mom is?
Oh. She's still at school.
It lets out at 4:00.
Yeah. Thank you.
Mom?
[bed frame creaking]
What are you doing?
What do you think?
You invited Alice.
She was Will's wife.
Here. Mom. let me do this.
When we gave you this place.
I asked you to throw
everything away.
Why are his things still here?
I just wanted to keep
something from Grandpa.
It felt like
I was throwing him away.
He threw us away.
[Joseph]
No. I know. It's just--
I mean. some of this stuff.
it's fascinating. you know?
[Benjamin] Unleashing
flesh-possessing demons
so malevolent as though
the devil himself were here.
Does that sound fascinating
to you?
It's just inspiration
for my book.
Your book is about Grandpa?
No. not him.
His research.
I mean-- [chuckles]
Come on. Curses. and demons.
I found all kinds
of crazy artifacts
he brought back
from around the world
and apparently. he was
part of some secret society.
It was a cult.
[Joseph] They were historians.
you know.
And he recorded everything
in his notebook.
Look. I was gonna tell you.
[Susan] No. let me tell you.
My father was not a good man.
Joseph.
Mom--
When my mom's mind
started to go. he retreated.
Spent more time
with the Circle of the Wise Men
than us.
Always off on some expedition.
buried in some stupid old book.
When Aunt Bonnie got sick.
that's when he left us
for good.
Hunting for rusty weapons.
Crumbling scrolls.
He said he had to find a way
to protect us from evil.
All he ever did
was talk like that
because
he didn't have the courage
to face real hardship.
[inhales sharply]
I had to take care
of this family.
I'm sorry. Mom.
[dog barks distantly]
-You should get some rest.
-It's fine.
I'm fine. It's the pills.
Tell everyone lunch in an hour.
[sighs]
Throw this out.
[Polly wailing]
-Let go of me!
-What's going on?
She insists on going outside
by herself.
[Polly wails] No! No!
[groans] Putain. Polly!
-[Joseph] Grandma!
-I was just trying to help!
-No. no. no.
-Bonnie! Bonnie!
I've got her. She's trying
to steal my money.
Call the police!
-Susan. we were just trying--
-Bonnie!
-[Joseph] Grandma. you okay?
-[Susan] Calm down.
-It's broken.
-Just a sec. Mom.
[chair beeping]
You thief.
Oh. my God.
[man coughing]
Dad?
[coughing continues]
-Dad.
-[ignition fails]
[sniffs]
[ignition fails]
It's out of gas.
[clattering]
You don't need to worry
about the yard.
[Edgar] Someone's gotta do it.
-I will. I just haven't had--
-We leave you this house...
And you let it rot.
You like living in shit!
[coughs. grunts]
[stairs creaking]
[coughs]
[coughs repeatedly]
-[heavy thud]
-[objects clattering]
[Will] Dad.
Dad. Help me.
[glass shattering]
[Will] We're inside.
[ominous music playing]
[demonic voices whispering]
-[Will] Let us in. Dad.
-[grunts]
It's okay.
-[female demonic voice] Do it!
-[Will] Don't fight.
[female demonic voice]
Come on. you can do it.
Do it. Do it!
[Alice] Edgar?
Edgar. are you okay?
[objects clattering]
[Alice strains. grunts]
[grunts]
[Alice breathes heavily]
Don't tell my wife.
Please.
I'll hold onto this. okay?
Mm.
[vegetables rattling]
[winding timer]
What happened?
I missed a step in the cellar.
I dropped the plates.
I'm sorry.
[Susan] Yes. I heard that.
Would you put this
on the dining room table?
Please be careful with it.
Made it myself.
You did?
It's Niobe.
-A Greek queen.
-[exhales]
-She's Edgar's favorite.
-It's pretty.
Yeah.
Why did you stop?
[smacks lips] First. the kids.
Then my sister Bonnie got sick.
And my mother
couldn't live on her own.
Well...
You had a gift. It's a shame.
Why is it a shame?
I was with the people I love.
Building a life.
You know. without my family.
I'm nothing.
[indistinct chatter]
[sound distortion on tape]
[laughter]
[dog whines]
Thank you. Joseph.
That was beautiful.
[Edgar coughs]
-You okay?
-Mm.
I'm good.
No.
That's Will's seat.
[Polly] Oh. My big boy. Will.
When does he get here?
-[heavy thud]
-[objects clattering]
Edgar.
Would you do the wine. please?
Oh. don't worry. I got it.
[Joseph] Mmm. So good.
They're premade.
I just heated them.
Joseph is right. they're--
they're delicious.
I would never guess
it was frozen.
That's concerning.
Hmm?
It's clearly frozen food
on paper plates.
If you manage
the restaurant alone.
you'll need to know frozen
from fresh.
About the restaurant. I'm--
I'm not sure I plan to--
Let's just talk about it
another time.
Let's talk about it now.
We're all here.
Well. I haven't decided
anything.
but I mean.
it was Will's restaurant--
You ran the place together.
I only did the accounting.
But you're his wife.
You sure?
[Alice]
To be honest. I was thinking
I might go back to Paris
for a while.
Maybe stay with my--
with my dad.
Then things seem a little more
decided than you let on.
No. no. no. I just thought--
These things should be
dealt with as a family.
Yeah.
We should deal with it
as a family.
[Susan]
You know the staff adores you.
Alice. they need you.
Think about Will.
Do it for him.
Wait. I recognize you.
You're married to my grandson.
aren't you?
Don't turn a deaf ear.
I asked you a question.
-It's all right. Shh.
-I--
It's okay. It's okay.
All I'm saying is...
you have the chance to take
over a successful business
while honoring Will
at the same time.
It was his life's work.
It was his passion.
And you should carry it on.
Susan. I really think
we should do this
another time.
No. now's the best time to lay
everything on the table.
[Susan] He's right.
We need to make
decisions together.
You are driving me
fucking crazy!
Without me.
you are nothing. Alice.
It's what Will
would have wanted.
[Edgar] That's Will's seat.
-That's your fucking problem!
-[Susan] Do it for him.
[Polly]
Will. When does he get here?
We're trying to have
a fucking kid!
You do not know
what you fucking want!
Say it. Don't you fucking
bait me. Alice.
Alice!
Please. calm down.
I am calm.
But you shouldn't speak
on Will's behalf.
[Susan] I'm his mother.
No one knows him
better than I do.
[Polly slurping]
Grandma. no.
Sorry. Okay. look.
we're all here for him.
but I think Alice is right.
This isn't the right time to--
It's never the right time
for you. is it?
That's why you've done nothing
with your life.
[Susan] Edgar. Please.
Don't you fucking touch me.
[Thya]
Edgar. we're all grieving here
but that's no reason
to be cruel. I--
-It's fine.
-It's not.
-Joe--
-Where is it?
Where's the wedding ring?
Why aren't you wearing it?
Did you sell it?
You get a good price?
No! No. no. of course not. I--
Edgar. can I have
the corkscrew. please?
[Edgar]
And a hoodie and sneakers
at her husband's funeral.
I'm right here. Edgar.
You can speak to me directly.
You didn't even cry.
[dog whining]
Don't you think that's weird?
-People grieve in different--
-Get away from me!
[dog whines]
[Edgar eats noisily]
Will's dead.
And now you inflict this on us?
That's enough.
-Dad. You don't look good--
-It's your fault he's dead.
You didn't stop him
getting to the car!
Stop it. Dad.
I had nothing to do with it.
Will got into a fight
with Alice. and he--
What? Are you implying
it was my fault?
-No. no. of course not.
-You were there.
You couldn't stop him from
getting in the car either.
[Joseph] I know. Alice.
I know. I tried.
[Alice] We tried.
Okay. I didn't.
-Doesn't mean it's my fault.
-That's not what I'm saying.
-It's exactly what you said.
-Alice. no.
-Alice. I think--
-[Alice] No.
I think you should all
mind your own business.
You don't know anything.
You're glad he's dead.
Please. please. please. Will's
looking down on us from above.
From above?
He's down below.
[dog whining]
-[Edgar yells]
-[dog whines in pain]
Dad. what are you doing?
Stop it right now!
-Stop!
-[Thya] No!
[Susan screams]
[Joseph] The dog!
[Edgar] Help me.
Help me.
Help me!
-Get your keys.
-Okay.
[Susan]
Take him to the hospital.
[Joseph] Thya! I need help.
Grab his arm.
-[Thya] I got him. I got him.
-[Joseph] Be careful.
What did we do to deserve this?
[door slams]
They left without
saying goodbye.
Jesus fucking Christ.
is he fucking crazy?
Thya. please. Give me a second.
-He killed your fucking dog!
-I know!
Shit. shit. He's fucking
bleeding everywhere. Shit.
Shit. shit. Come on!
[Joseph breathes heavily]
-Joe?
-What?
Your dad.
[suspenseful music playing]
-[Edgar yells]
-[screams]
No! No!
[screaming. grunting]
[Edgar grunting]
[Joseph straining]
[Edgar yelling]
[Joseph cries in pain]
[Thya screams]
Oh. my fucking God!
-[Edgar growls]
-[Joseph chokes]
[Edgar growls]
[yelling]
[Joseph yelling]
[Joseph] Stop!
[Thya choking]
Let her go!
-[Thya screams]
-I said let her go!
Fucking shoot him!
[Thya choking]
Fucking shoot him! Joe!
[choking]
[Thya choking]
[Edgar] Shoot me. Joe.
Shoot me.
Shoot me. Joe!
Shoot me!
[all yelling]
[Edgar grunting]
[Edgar snarling]
[Thya screams. gasps]
[hyperventilating]
Joseph!
[Thya gasping]
[Thya screams. gasps]
[gasps]
[demonic music playing]
[inaudible]
[sighs]
[clattering]
[exhales]
"October. 1983.
That cursed Book of the Dead.
I warned them
against reading from it.
The forbidden incantation.
Four words
that can unleash evil.
But they didn't listen.
December. 1983.
At last. I have found it.
A weapon
that can stop them all.
A dagger created
by the Circle of the Wise Men.
The tiniest cut
from this ancient blade
rips their demonic souls
from their bodies.
I've hidden it.
but now must leave again.
These creatures are hunting me
and I must protect
my wife and daughters."
[exhales]
[demonic voices whispering]
"Kunda."
[low growl]
"Astratta."
[demonic voices whispering]
"Montosse."
[low growl]
No. fuck this.
[growling. snarling]
[Alice screams]
-[barking]
-[Alice screams]
-[grunts]
-[knife slices]
Alice?
[exhales] What's wrong?
[in French]
[in English]
I don't understand you.
[Joseph hyperventilating]
[Susan] What happened?
Where's your father?
I think Dad just killed Thya.
[knock at door]
[knocking]
[Thya] Open up. It's me.
She came back for my money.
[breath trembling]
[Thya gurgling]
[demonic music playing]
-[breath trembling]
-[door closes]
[demonic music playing]
[breath trembling]
[bones clicking]
[in demonic voice]
To your perfect family.
Cheers.
[sizzling]
[Thya spits]
[yells]
[grunting. yelling]
[Joseph] No!
-[bone cracks]
-[Thya grunts]
[panting]
[in normal voice]
Joe. it hurts.
-Please. Joe.
-Joe. no!
[door slams]
[muffled sobbing]
[Susan] Where is your father?
We gotta go. We gotta go.
Alice! Alice. come on!
Come on. we gotta go!
[ominous music playing]
Edgar.
-Sweetheart.
-Susan. don't.
-Get off me!
-Mom!
[breath trembling]
[whistles]
[whimpering]
[Susan gasps]
[in demonic voice]
You should be dead.
Not Will.
[breath trembling]
-No!
-[screams]
[moans]
[ominous music playing]
[sizzling]
[whooshes. crackling]
[hissing]
[whistling]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Joseph panting]
[hissing. whistling]
[both breathing heavily]
[breathing heavily]
[breath trembling]
He's just standing there.
staring.
We're fucking trapped!
[Susan] I'll be
right back. Mom.
[thuds on door]
-[creaking]
-[thuds]
-[breath trembling] Children?
[thudding continues]
[sinister music playing]
[dramatic music spike]
Please open the door.
Did you come back
to return what you stole?
[Thya] Uh...
Oh. Exactly.
[music beat intensifies]
[Polly thuds. screams]
-[Susan] Oh. my God.
Mom. are you okay?
-[Polly groaning]
[Susan] Mom. are you okay?
[eerie music playing]
You're fine.
It's okay. I got you.
You're okay. It's okay.
[squelching]
[Thya in demonic voice]
We will destroy you.
No more a wise man.
-[both breathing shakily]
-Should I go.
or do you wanna?
You go.
Get Grandma upstairs.
[breath trembling]
[creaking]
[mouthing]
You thought I'd let you have
all the men in this family
to yourself?
[both screaming]
Joseph. come!
Help!
Don't bother. babe.
That's not his style.
I said. "Come!"
[both gasp]
Susan.
stop coddling the boy.
He has something that we need.
-[screaming]
-[Joseph] No! No! [grunts]
[both scream]
Give us what we came for!
[beeping]
[clamoring. screaming
downstairs]
I told you she was a thief.
[clicks. knife motor whirring]
[chuckles] Oh. so
you're brave now?
Boo.
[Joseph screams]
[gasping. straining]
[grunts]
[groaning]
I was your first.
I'll make sure I'm your last.
[Joseph screams]
[Thya laughing]
[Joseph grunts]
So you wouldn't
shoot your father.
but killing me...
is easy?
[Thya chuckles]
[Polly] Come here. young lady!
I have what you want!
[Joseph groaning. gasps]
Be right back. baby.
The money is under my mattress.
Take it and leave us alone.
Aww.
It's all broken in here.
But there is something
that we want
in that little head of yours.
Your husband must have told you
where it is.
Huh?
[humming]
Mmm.
Boop. This will fix you.
Polly.
where's your leg?
-Yeah. They don't--
-[grunts]
The Circle
of the Wise Men failed.
Your grandpa failed.
You'll all die tonight.
[Joseph grunting]
[eerie music playing]
[screams]
[sobbing]
[eerie music continues]
[Will. echoing] Alice.
Alice. Alice.
I'm coming. Alice.
I'm coming for you.
[Alice groaning]
[Alice] Joe.
what's the Circle
of the Wise Men?
I didn't think
that it was real.
Stop hiding stuff
and just tell me.
I saw those fucked up drawings
you threw out.
Did Will ever tell you
about our grandfather?
Growing up. we were always told
he was unstable.
In his journals.
he described it as this group.
Convinced the devil
had been here.
Would return if anyone read
from when he called the...
The Book of the Dead.
My grandfather left his family
to travel the world.
researching
and collecting artifacts
as protection from all this.
[Alice] You still have them?
My mom asked me to throw
everything away after he died.
-but... No. no. no.
-Fuck.
She asked. but I didn't.
There's still some stuff hidden
up in the attic.
And Thya.
that thing inside her said
they were looking
for something.
Maybe whatever that is.
it can stop them.
[fizzing]
Mom. I need you
to drink this. please.
[Polly] Can you look
under the bed?
Daddy always checks
to make sure
there aren't any monsters.
No monsters.
[Polly] You're lying.
Don't worry. [kisses]
you're safe here.
Good night. Mom.
[Polly] Good night. Susan.
What did you call me?
[Polly] Come. sweetheart.
[whimpers]
Mom.
I missed you.
[crying] I missed you so much.
[Polly] We share
the same dream.
It can still come true.
The whole family
can be reunited.
Will's already on his way.
-He'll be here soon.
-[gasps]
[Polly] Don't be scared. Susan.
[knock at window]
[Polly. in demonic voice]
Remember what you said
at the funeral.
That you would give
everything you have
for us all
to be together again.
[Susan sobbing softly]
Without your family.
you're nothing.
[sobbing softly]
I miss you.
I miss us.
[sobbing softly]
[dramatic music playing]
[Susan moans]
[Susan gasps]
You haven't kissed me
like that in years.
Your father's
not there anymore.
-Maybe we could-- [gasps]
-[barking]
[Susan] Joseph.
Hey. is Grandma okay?
Everything good?
Yes. Everything's better now.
I need you to trust me.
Trust you?
They're not our enemies.
I realize that now.
They just want something back
that my father stole.
I told you he was a bad man.
It's simple.
Tell them where it is.
Give them what they want.
and this ends.
We can be happy again.
Where... What is...
Our weapon.
We threw everything away.
You're lying to me.
Tell us where it is.
"Us"?
Where is the Kandarian dagger?
[bulbs shattering]
[all screaming]
[clamoring. screaming
continues]
[Joseph] Alice...
[Susan] Leave him alone!
[Alice running.
sobbing. panting]
[glass breaks]
You need to stop meddling
in our family affairs.
[Susan sobbing]
You promised!
You promised not to hurt him!
[snarling]
Finally some use
for this revolting
piece of shit.
[Susan screams]
[Joseph straining]
[Edgar] Come.
See what you did.
[groaning]
[Joseph whimpering]
Finally. something
you can be proud of.
[screams. muffled scream]
[groaning]
[muffled] The dagger!
[groans. spits]
Did you say something?
I know where the dagger is!
Nothing will stand
in our way now.
once we have the dag--
[both groaning]
[both groaning. grunting]
[Joseph] No!
-[objects clattering]
-[Edgar] Ah!
-[Susan] Get off him!
-[Joseph] Mom. Oh!
[Susan] Get off him!
-Edgar! Get off!
-Oh. fuck.
[Joseph screams]
[whimpering]
[Susan screams]
[Susan] Stop!
-[Alice whimpering]
-[Susan] Stop! Stop it! Stop!
[thumping]
[Susan screaming]
Help me! Help me!
[Edgar yells]
-[screams]
-[Susan] No. no! No!
-[Susan] No!
[Susan] Get off me!
[Susan] Get off!
-[Edgar snarls]
-[muffled sobbing]
-[objects clattering]
-[Joseph] No!
-No!
-[Edgar grunts]
Argh!
[Joseph] No!
[Alice sobbing]
-[Edgar. Joseph grunting]
-[Joseph] No! No!
-[grunting continues]
-[objects clattering]
-[door cracking]
-[muffled scream]
[Edgar] Where's the dagger?
Where is it?
Answer me!
[Joseph] Find it. Before them.
[screams]
-[receding footsteps]
-[Joseph] No!
[objects clattering]
[Joseph screams]
[footsteps going upstairs]
[footsteps thumping]
[door creaks]
[breath trembling]
No.
[breathing heavily]
-[motor revving]
-[whirring]
[dog barking]
[breath trembling]
[sobs]
[glass breaks]
[Polly snarls]
[Alice groaning]
Oh. stop.
I'm just giving you
what you want.
I know you liked it
when Will hurt you.
Isn't that why you stayed?
[Alice panting]
Ah!
Don't turn a deaf ear.
I asked you a question.
[panting]
[Alice sobbing]
[Alice whimpering]
[groaning. screaming]
[sound muffled]
Susan.
Help.
[Polly] Susan. dear.
would you mind
pushing the throttle
to tear
this bitch's face off. please?
She brought chaos
into this family.
Your son died because of her.
Do it.
For Will.
Do it!
Oh. Susan!
Do it.
I'm sorry. Alice.
[screams]
[demonic growl]
-[chair beeps]
-[whimpering]
[beeping]
[sobbing softly]
[squelching]
[muffled groan]
-[gasps]
-[ear ringing]
[Joseph screams]
Is it Joseph?
Is it my son?
[whimpers] No.
[whimpering]
[in French]
-[snarling]
-[whimpers]
-[hammering at door]
-[Alice grunts]
-[sizzling]
-[Susan cries out]
[in English]
What are you doing?
[in French]
[in English]
You should be grateful
I didn't leave you back there.
Don't you dare move.
Grateful?
[moans]
My family is gone.
Everyone I love is gone
because of you.
All you've ever done
is bring us pain.
[groans]
[winces]
I hate you.
Oh. shut up. Susan!
Shut the fuck up!
I didn't bring anything
to your family.
It was already there.
You see this?
You see. Susan?
This is your son.
This is what he was capable of.
-It was an accident.
-No. it wasn't!
It was not and you knew.
You knew. Susan.
You deserve everything
that's happened to you.
Every fucking thing.
But you know what?
It's behind me now.
I don't give a shit anymore.
[electric saw whirring]
[Susan] You're right.
Your past is behind you.
Right... Right behind you.
Like a shadow.
Can't escape it.
Just when you think
you're safe.
Healed.
When you breathe
a quivering sigh...
my son will be there.
As a husband should.
And he will burn you down...
like the whore you are.
[in demonic voice]
You will be dead by dawn!
[grunts]
[both grunting]
-[Susan snarls]
-[Alice screams]
[growling]
[yells]
[gasping]
[blade whirring]
[screams]
[Susan screams in agony]
[panting]
[Joseph] Alice.
Help me up.
I know where the dagger is.
I'll help you find it.
[in demonic voice] And then
I'll cut you open with it
like my brother should have.
You're worthless.
Just like my grandfather.
Shut up!
He never found it.
and you never will.
Let me end your miserable life.
You like pain. anyway.
[gasps. whimpers]
That's why you let Will
hurt you. Isn't it?
Poor little Alice.
You'll be found
in an attic alone.
Gutted from tit to tail.
You never wanted kids. anyway.
Your body is useless.
[groans]
[chokes]
[gasping for air]
Wrong one.
The Circle of the Wise Men
is dead.
[Alice grunts]
Come here. you little bitch.
I told you it's not here.
[both grunt]
[clattering]
[breath trembling]
[shrieks]
[Alice whimpers]
[grunting]
[screams]
[whimpering]
[snarls]
[hyperventilating]
[Susan shrieks]
[shrieking]
[electricity sizzling]
[straining]
[blade whirring]
My family will...
Fuck your family!
[Edgar groans]
[blade whirring]
[whistles]
[ Elle Etait Si Jolie
by Alain Barriere playing]
[song ends]
[Alice whimpering]
[Will in demonic voice]
Did you stay
because you liked it?
Or you were too much
of a coward to leave me?
[breath trembling]
Look at you now.
You still can't leave.
[wind howling]
Remember the last thing
you said to me?
"Go to hell."
You got your wish.
[whimpering]
I shouldn't have hurt you.
Alice.
I should have killed you.
[demonic music playing]
This is where I promised
I'd always be with you.
[demonic music playing]
Where I promised that not even
death would do us part.
I will keep my promise. Alice.
'Cause without me...
you are nothing.
[whimpering]
[panting]
[hyperventilating]
[groans in frustration]
[gasps]
[grunting]
[suspenseful music playing]
[hyperventilating]
Hello?
[static whine]
Hello? Hello...
[ La Chanson Des Vieux Amants
by Jacques Brel playing]
[Will grunting]
[music stops]
[breath trembling]
[gasps]
[cries out]
[screams]
[gasping]
[groans]
[sobs]
[demonic music playing]
[Alice wails]
I could never
have lived without you. Alice.
I won't let you live
without me.
[Alice sobbing]
[sobs]
[winces]
[groans]
[sobbing]
[Will] Shit.
[Alice grunts]
[Will] Where is the dagger?
-Where is it?
-[crying]
Where is it. Alice?
Go get it.
[grunting]
[cries out]
[grunts]
[panting]
[yells]
[Will grunting]
[roars]
[grunting]
[Will screaming]
[Alice gasps]
[splutters]
[screams]
[continues screaming]
Where is the dagger?
Speak or burn. bitch!
Here's your fucking dagger!
[exhales]
[breath trembling]
[in normal voice] I love you.
[Alice sighs]
[sobs]
That is not enough.
[squelching]
[sizzling]
[gasping]
[demonic music playing]
[panting]
[strains. grunts]
[distant sirens approaching]
[sobs]
[continues sobbing]
[woman on radio] ...Primary.
five. five. seven. four.
Got a cigarette?
-I'm not really allowed to--
-Just give it to me.
Who did this to you?
My ex-husband.
[melancholy music playing]
[French rap song playing]
[song ends]
[ominous music playing]
[grunts]
[in English]
Wicked little French bitch.
Ma'am! What happened?
Are you okay?
[in plaintive voice] Oh!
Thank Heaven! Please help me!
She stole my legs!
[in demonic voice]
But yours will do just fine.
[snarls]
[demonic music playing]
[rattling]
Yes. sweetie. I know.
It's no fun coming into work
with me on a Saturday.
But I've had to do everything
by myself since...
Well. you know. Mm-hm.
I'll make it up to you tonight.
How come you're keeping
all these urns
for dead people?
Uh...
Well...
[sighs. tuts]
It's sad. actually.
These are the people whose
families never came for them.
So. we keep them here
for a few months
in case a family member
remembers
to pick them up one day.
[bell sounds]
Okay.
Don't touch anything. okay?
That might be
about the cremator job.
I'll be right back.
"Christopher Leroy."
"Ellie Bixler."
-[Ellie] Hey.
-[urn clattering]
Mom?
[Ellie] Don't be scared. baby.
[electricity crackling]
[dramatic musical sting]
[snarls]
[in demonic voice]
Mommy's back.